How do we scale a high-ticket consultancy through DesignOps and automation?
Welcome to the Holofante ecosystem.
In the client app, the interface is state-driven.
Here we see a project with confirmed payment and deliveries in progress.
The engine behind it all is our Notion CRM and backend.
When creating a test quote, the system begins the data orchestration.
I fill in the email and the company size.
This variable is critical: it automatically defines the price multiplier and contractual deadlines.
By clicking send, we trigger an agentic orchestration via LangChain.
The system takes control, generates a unique UUID, and starts scheduling the client's data.
In seconds, the Node backend integration processes the data and fires a personalized transactional notification.
The client receives an email with optimized UX, detailing the next steps.
Contract via Clicksign E-signature and billing via Asaas Fintech.
Upon clicking, they are taken to the dynamic quote page.
Here, the URL uses the UUID to ensure privacy and prevent AI indexing.
The values you see are calculated in real-time by backend formulas and protected by encryption.
The sync is bidirectional.
As soon as the client views the quote, the status in our CRM instantly changes to "Quote Viewed".
Moving to the roadmap stage, when I finish the client manual in Notion and click send, the DesignOps magic happens.
The system downloads the file, uploads it to a secure bucket, and triggers a real-time push notification.
In the app, the stage status changes to "Pending Evaluation".
The client doesn't access a generic link, but an authenticated route.
Download links are temporary, expiring in 24 hours to protect the intellectual property of the delivery.
The approval flow is rigorous.
The client reviews and approves directly through the interface, which logs the timestamp and moves the project.
Approval confirmed.
The app unlocks the next stage, automating the final product delivery.
In the CRM, the card moves automatically to "Approved".
This is Product-Led Growth applied to Design as a Service.